Update simple.md (#18586)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/authorization/simple.md

<a name="security-authorization-simple"></a>

> Authorization in MVC is controlled through the `AuthorizeAttribute` attribute and its various parameters. At its simplest, applying the `AuthorizeAttribute` attribute to a controller, action, or Razor Page, limits access to the controller or action to any authenticated user.

Reviewer: In the first sentence, I suggested "ASP.NET Core" instead of "MVC" because we're now including Razor Pages.

```suggestion
Authorization in ASP.NET Core is controlled with <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.AuthorizeAttribute> and its various parameters. In its simplest form, applying the `[Authorize]` attribute to a controller, action, or Razor Page, limits access to that component to any authenticated user.
```
